# Overall Strategy

### User's Story
    Suppose our user is seeking for some music. Then, he/she opens Spotify, currently one of the most popular media streaming apps in the world. Usually, user can choose between two options: listening to self-created playlsts stored in user's own music library, or listening to theme-based playlists generated by Spotify. Suppose our user picks the first option and starts listening to his/her own playlists. But one pain point for this scenario is that user usually ends up repeatedly listening to the same group of songs. This cam quickly makes him/her bored and eagers for something new. 
    Next, The user goes to theme-based playlists generated by Spotify. He/she can either choose: (1) mood-based playlists, or (2) music genre-based playlists. Suppose he/she then want to find a playlist that matches his/her mood, so the first option is chosen. However, a pain point of Spotify is that the mood section is consisted of many unordered playlists with different mood theme mashed together. User needs to browse through many of them to find the right one that matches his/her mood. This brings up the problem of lacking efficiency. Next, suppose user goes to genre-based playlists. However, according to music genre study from our data science team, music elements nowadays are gradually mixed together. Moreover, Spotify distinguish music genre on an album-bases which leads to further inaccuracy of genre distinguishment, lowers user's experience.
    
### Introducing: 8potify
    To solve this issue, we decide to launch a new app named 8potify. This app has two distinct features. First is a song-specific machine learning based genres segmentation. Second is a song recommendation system based on user specified moods. We also introduce a "mystery box" opening flow. The user opens the app, chooses number of songs, choose genre and specifies the mood, and a random playlist is generated. 

### Project Timeline
    The creation of our project, from initiation to execution, will last for 6 months. Speaking in a time order, the project timeline will be broken down into 8 steps: data exploration, strategies determination, Use Case definition, architecture environment setup, softward development, UI/UX design, A/B testing and launching.
    
### Project Strategies
    Our initial strategies, determined at the second step, has 4 different phases that lasts for 1 year in total. <br>
    1. Phase 0: Pre-launch. In this phase, we will focus on pricing and marketing two aspects. For pricing, we will define the app versions for basic no fee user, premium user and students/veterans discount users. For marketing, we will focus on advertisement on social medias, promotion offline at colleges and malls, as well as 1st round collaborations with influencers.
    2. Phase 1: Pricing. In this phase, we will quickly adjust the pricing of our app based on consumer's purchase behaviors and incoming revenues. We will build and tune a pricing model, and potentially issue promo codes.
    3. Phase 2: Customers. In this phase, we will mainly focus on the CRM team. They will be responsible for collecting customer behaviors data and feedbacks to construct a CRM database utilizing cloud platform (such as google cloud, salesforce, databricks, etc.). We will also work on softward maintenance and updates if necessary.
    4. Phase 3: Marketing. In this phase, we will mainly focus on the marketing team to further increase popularity. Email campaigns will be conducted, 2nd round of influencer collaborate will be initiated and cross-company promotions will be generated. We will also put effort in CRM and software for customer journey management and new features exploration.
